.\" $XConsortium: filemanager.man /main/4 1995/07/17 10:47:16 drk $
.\" Motif
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1987-2012, The Open Group. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are free software; you can
.\" redistribute them and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU
.\" Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
.\" Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
.\" any later version.
.\"
.\" These libraries and programs are distributed in the hope that
.\" they will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
.\" implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
.\" details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
.\" License along with these librararies and programs; if not, write
.\" to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth
.\" Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
...\" 
...\" 
...\" HISTORY
...\" "
.TH filemanager 1X MOTIF "Demonstration programs"
.SH NAME
\*Lfilemanager\*O\(emdisplay directories in a container.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.sS
\*Lfilemanager\*O
.sE
.SH DESCRIPTION
\*LFilemanager\*O
provides a display of the contents of a directory as file and directory
icons.  You may run it anywhere and it allows customization of the 
icons and actions via the X resource mechanism.
.SH X Defaults
The class of this application is \fIXmDFilemanager\fR.  The following
are examples of the right resources to change.  "suffix" can be any
file suffix.  Pixmaps are specified in XPM format (see XmGetPixmap in the 
Programmer's Reference for details on this subject).  

Actions are specified as control strings for sprintf, where the %s is
substituted for by the pathname of the object. "default_file" is
defined as the type for unspecified non-executable files and
"default_exec" for unspecified executable files.

.nf
.ta .25i 4i
XmDFilemanager.types.suffix.largeIcon:	a large icon bitmap or pixmap
XmDFilemanager.types.suffix.smallIcon:	a small icon bitmap or pixmap
XmDFilemanager.types.suffix.action:	an action to take when activated
XmDFilemanager.types.default_file.action:		$EDITOR %s
XmDFilemanager.types.default_exec.action:		xterm -e %s
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.OutlineButton.shadowThickness:  0
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer*foreground:	black
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer*background:	gray90
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.selectColor:	lightblue
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.outlineIndentation:	30
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.expandedStatePixmap:	exp.xpm
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.collapsedStatePixmap:	col.xpm
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.outlineColumnWidth:	6cm
XmDFilemanager*XmContainer.detailTabList:	+3cm,+3cm,+3cm
XmDFilemanager*XmIconGadget.renderTable:	*helvetica-bold-r-*-10-*
XmDFilemanager*XmIconGadget.shadowThickness:	0
.fi
